so um as I just mentioned Michaels out
today let me drop what I hope is the
right link into the notes here if
anybody needs it to get to our agenda
which doesn't have too much exciting on
it the people who manage to show up
right now are clearly the not not the
people who need this clarified but if
anyone is not us-based this meeting is
currently running at a time that feels
an hour earlier to you than it usually
feels and as soon as you change to
daylight savings in your country it will
feel like the normal time again so it
will be back at 4:30 UTC but right now
it's 3:30 UTC so that's the public
service announcement of the day awesome
it's oh and I'm supposed to push I
actually read the notes and Cystic turn
on my gallery view so we can see most of
your lovely faces except Dan it's very
sad your photo doesn't show up when we
do the recording
top secret stealth mode we never get to
see him I'm just always on my phone so I
do you thinking a phone call while also
you're accessing this call via your
phone yeah so you'd be looking at my ear
[Laughter]
welcome to the weekly sync of the ipfs
community working group
I'm your fearless leader for today so
let's start since we don't have other
specific stuff on the agenda let's just
do a quick round of leg what I've been
up to what I'm about to be up to so I
will get us started on that I'm very
excited to announce although I can't
announce anything substances substantive
that we did lock down our venue and
dates for offline camp which we have not
launched yet because we have some work
to do before we can make that happen but
if you want to stay updated on that
there's a link in the meeting notes to
the sort of interest forum where you can
let us know that you're interested and
also kind of vote on places you'd like
to see camp go in the future that's an
event for people who are interested in
the offline first
development methodology community UX
community etc and there is often a lot
of talk offline camp about it's
certainly not exclusively about
decentralized web but there's usually
some talk about sort of decentralized
web and offline first and how they
overlap with like local communities etc
and if this is sparking your interest
then you should also be in our local
offline collaboration working group led
by Molly
I guess I'll add a link to that after
yay now that I've mentioned it I have to
I'm working on it's a lot of a lot of
the same I'm still working on the file
API tutorial for proto school which will
walk people through how you can actually
share a file and not just some silly
JSON you know some kind of JavaScript
objects and so I'm working on that this
structure is built so you can upload a
file to work with and then I'm working
on the content of those actual lessons
and then I also hope today to make repos
for many places in China and Taiwan
which I would mispronounce many of so I
won't try but there in your notes we
still have lots of interest coming in
for leaders of chapters which I will be
excited when we have more content so
more people can read the events that are
as intended those walking through
tutorials together I don't know
what else is new with me I think that's
that's the gist of what I've been
focused on and Porcia are you ready to
give a little update yes so I went
through and present it at ECC aetherium
community conference in France that was
pretty cool I read you two tests finally
for the alert bar it's back in a PR yeah
I probably should talk more about East
Committee
um conference it was interesting I don't
know it was really nice being around
different
who are working on distributed projects
it's not just a theory and the best part
about like going to Assyria more blocks
chain you know conferences you meet a
ton of people who are using or who are
implementing
IPSS or live p2p so that was really good
because I was able to meet some folks
who are willing to actually talk who
willing to talk during the ipfs weekly
call that's something I've been working
on as well and I've secured several
speakers and this is partly due to the
fact that was able to let it go to the
conference I also as I mentioned gave a
talk about ipfs I think it went okay and
Beyond ECC I am working on the outline
I'm outlining install section of IP f
esta IO partner of what we do in a
community team is we're looking at ways
that we can structure audit our dots
it's something that we talked about
earlier this quarter but we didn't
really get a chance to flesh out a plan
so what we're doing is a for the short
term I'm actually putting in
instructions on how you actually get
started with like installing and using
IP FS that's right there on the landing
page cuz I know I don't know about
clever um helpful it's probably a better
at YouTube so you don't have to go and
rustling around and the github repos for
the basic CI CLI commands I need that to
be a checked by Michael and also the
design team because it is an extra
section on a site and I do not know what
the graphics and design will look like
so that's something that I'm actively
working on um and I am also looking for
a Docs writer for q2 so if you know
anyone who writes technical talks and
they're interested in working with us
and collaborating with us let us know
what is
next community ok ours for q2 so we're
actively looking towards um what are our
goals for q2 and what are our goals for
2019 that is a work in progress and as I
mentioned four we're looking for a Docs
writer I will end this with we do have
some speakers for ipfs legally call but
once again if you have something that
you like to present you're working with
IPSS if you're learning about ipfs and
making the educational content please
let us know and we would love to have
you in a call what would be your
favorite way for someone to tell you
that they were interested how should
they reach out to you favorite that's a
good question I will put it in a notes
use email me at Portia protocol ai and
I'll just put that in a notes so that's
it for me dan do you have something
exciting to say you came off mute yeah
sure so actually I might be the first to
bite on that offer Portia I that might
be a didn't so
offline you and I should coordinate on
what that might look like but yeah so in
terms of what I've been up to
unfortunately it's been outside of the
ipfs world for the most part recently
but I am excited to get I now have at
least one other person on the next
Meetup that will be running here and I'm
gonna be reaching out to you Jim
specifically to do an overview of
related protocols and then to jump right
in as to why ipfs the shining star
everyone should be looking at so that's
that's something your horizon in the
next week or two and then beyond that I
think I just had one question and I have
been seeing a whole bunch of new
especially Asian groups that are joining
our in our community but I seem to be
one of the only like general local
organizers who shows up for for this
meeting in particular I'm wondering what
do you think it'd be useful to reach out
and say hey you guys can what what would
be like best for you to come on and
would it be useful for you to come on
and talk with us
I don't know if we thought about that at
all yeah I mean I think we should make
it more obvious there's a resources
document that I don't know that I
mentioned the call in which is there's
like the sort of set up instructions for
setting up your chapter and then there's
a separate document in the readme that's
for like a different readme a different
markdown file that's about like how to
get stickers you know resources that you
can use as you're moving along so I can
check that and see whether the call is
mentioned is in there I do think that
the timing is really is awkward I think
when Kevin joins us it's probably close
to midnight there but we should
definitely kind of issue the invitation
more widely we will be kind of focusing
on proto school as a distinct thing from
the ipfs community working group and q2
and moving forward it will be sort of we
think a top-level project at P also I
don't know whether there will be sort of
a call more specific to that or if I'll
still kind of pop in here and have this
as the place to to chat but it is a good
idea to make that surface that a bit
more that this call exists and as you
pointed out like the timezone might just
be wrong or getting most of our Asian
counterparts so it might be worth
looking at a different time
yeah although we're already up against
morning daycare drop-off in California
for the head of our team at the moment
but yeah we can circle back earlier yeah
okay anything else that in your world
Dan that we should know about
for now no I think that's it's only
relevant stuff anyway how about you Jim
anything new and exciting not much this
week I've been working on a new Pinner
backend for the peer pad and I'm trying
to use IP LD and ipfs to store the
actual backup snapshots of the peer pad
documents the people collaboratively
type together and I've got a sort of
working so it is certainly interesting
because I was they come using some of
the knowledge I learned from the
erskyll tutorial for IPL d and but I
also had the store file so I haven't
seen the files module yet so I'm getting
curious to see if it promotes the same
same way I sort of figured out how to do
it I actually found it quite puzzling
going through there's a lot of api's and
a lot of options on the api's and it was
not actually obvious to me given all the
available api is which one I should be
using so I think there's gonna be a lot
of value having the tutorial and you
know this is the one you should be using
so do you mean like between MF s and the
not quite and my first things that are
you can put in like file add or you can
do like MFA you can create MMS and my
best thing and add things to it but then
you can also add a block and get a CID
for that I'd end up using just to add
API and then I but he doesn't give you
it just gives you back the multi hash
but it's actually a multi hash of a CID
so then I wrapped it in the CID thing
and then gave that to the IPL d the same
way is he's in the existing tutorial and
that seemed to work but I also had to
convert it to CID version one so it was
just there's a little puzzling actually
just to figure out how to do it and I'm
not I'm gonna get my code reviewed and
make sure that I'm actually doing it the
right way cuz I'm not even certain that
I'm doing it the best way yeah I think
any of that where you run into confusion
about the docs and like what is the
right choice for the right use case
would be helpful to surfaced you like
Allen Shaw for example who's been
helping me try to understand what's
going on there and I know they're
looking to get more more clarification
about that and then maybe it's something
that would also come out of Porsche
looking into like what documentation
exists and what doesn't and where the
gaps are and if there's this missing
like well if you want to do this thing
use this and if you want to do that
thing use that my guess is maybe that
hasn't been very explicitly stated so
then another thing that happened was
there's been inquiry if we'd be willing
the teacher online workshop for how to
build like adapt did decentralize app on
using ipfs tools and clearly I can't see
but it would sit we don't really have
one ready to go like in our group so we
have some like peer based tutorials but
those specific those aren't specifically
IP it ipfs things so I mean it pairs
well I facet uses let p2p and things but
I don't we don't have like a ready to go
like tutorial this is how you build a
simple little app using the IP FS stack
and I'm not even sure if that really
exists there probably is something
somewhere we have a lot of scattered
apps and we have a lot of scattered like
for instance peer pad and such but we
don't have like an explicit this is how
you build adapt using IP FS and that's
something that we're talking about and
it's something that we are actively
working on is like after one learns the
basics of ipfs and IP LD the next step
would be for them to build something
that's something and glad that you're
mentioning it because that's something
that we're trying to push forward yeah
like for me I even had just basic
questions because we support so many
different platforms like would it be
more useful to show somebody how to use
the server-side tools and you say like
that build something in a web browser
that uses the GSS or the the the GS HTTP
client to talk to using the API and did
just do serve a client-server type of
thing or would you want to build
something completely in the browser or
like there's a lot of different ways you
can build something
is you know ipfs app so like if we were
to present a tutorial I'm not sure what
would I would think you'd want to do
something that exposes at least some of
the API so when I think of ipfs like I
think of it more as the stack of part of
ad app and if we can show like alright
you're building a distributed app and
exactly how are you using ipfs like for
instance for file storage and you might
be using other technologies I think that
would be useful and representative of
how like other companies and other
projects are using ipfs there's ipfs
this is one of the many of decentralized
technologies but we were just like focus
on the ipfs part mm-hmm for like gob
files
yeah
these are really good suggestions and if
you can just like if offline we can just
talk Jim like really soon because I am
like taking these ideas and I'm
collecting them and informing like our
next stage of like tutorials for users
okay and just to clarify like some of
that content if you get to something
that's really advanced if you need to be
messing around on the command line to
make something work it's not stuff that
would necessarily be supported by proto
school at the moment there will always
be content that's not appropriate for
proto school and that would be better
suited in a different format so we can
as we hear ideas we can think about what
what's right for proto school and let's
write further Jesus teaching yeah in
this case the the request was
specifically for like I mean I don't
know the time length maybe like half
hour but like or an hour like sort of
like a a streamed webinar type of thing
so I imagine that would you cover like
installing command-line tools if he
needed to and but yeah I think that'd be
good thing to have I just they could be
challenging to target it correctly
really noted and like I said before on
this is the kind of feedback that's
really useful for us so that we can help
our users after they learn the basics of
ipfs take that knowledge and build
something with it so we're looking at
something like even you port like you
port deals with identity and if you look
they have their docks and they also have
like example apps that you can use using
their API
anything else people wanted to chat
about before we go
all right well nice to see your faces or
photos of your faces as usual and we'll
see you next week
at what is 3:30 UTC for right now back
to April and most of the world what was
this all around and then I'll be back to
4:30 TC all right
have a lovely weekend